the three moves of this week's dance
yourself dizzy online lesson will look
like this they go seven hey the first
move that we're gonna do is called an
almost presses hip spit the second move
is an arm jive and the third and find
the move is called a basket dip see all
those pretzel hip spin starts man's left
to lady's right Menge all you send me
circle to the left take a step back the
minute you step back you're off your
right arm behind your back in a
half-nelson
making sure your ladies can see in your
hand okay now if I thank you step in
guys who makes all that family these are
going to grab hold of the guys off at
hand which starts you turning in the
correct direction but feathers you whip
that hand away before your lady has a
chance to take hold
now you're going to swap sides ladies
you're still pivoting to your right guys
are going to pivot to your left and as
soon as you can you place the palm of
your right hand onto your lady's right
hip no no you swap sides even though
your left hands but slightly and take a
step back okay now you're going to go
back the same way as you came or back to
the same side as you started from
furless you're gonna pull and let go
with your right hand on your lady's hip
raise your left hand you step forward
your lady turns to her left you pivot to
your right and you step back finishing
off and left to right you should now go
through the utmost pretzel hip spin to
account starting left to right by six
seven penny step back and signal raise
the left on to the hip pull across and
back then at one variation if you would
like to do it it's at the moment the
ladies are basically turning one turn
from there on their way back they're
turning one complete turn if you want to
turn twice ladies feel free it's just
there's a little bit more rough okay so
onto the hip turn once twice and back
the second movie this week is called an
arm jive and it's going to be one of the
easier moves that we do okay so that's
left to right so fellas draw you say you
said come to the left step back and this
you step back you offer your spare hand
say no double handhold both take a step
toward each other keep your hands down
at waist level and both pull back with
your left elbow as you pivot to your own
left still with your hands down at waist
level both pull back with your right
elbow and pivot to your own right now
you can pull back with your left elbow
once again but this time guys you're
gonna raise that left hand up to your
left shoulder your right hand remains
down at waist level
the reason being guys that on the next
beat you're gonna raise your left hand
put a let go up waist level with that
right hand to turn your ladies clockwise
she comes around to face you you lower
your hands and step back finish off with
a return on the end you step in guys
raise your left hand to return your
ladies anti-clockwise okay so that's to
your left ladies when she comes around
the face you fellas you lower your hands
you step back
offering your spare hand you'll be ready
for your third and final move
so the arm jive up to speed then
sterling off guys left two ladies right
five six seven eight step up and offer
pull back with the left back with the
right up to the shoulder turn clockwise
and face turn anti-clockwise and back
okay now the easiest thing to do with
your feet as your arms are moving
backwards and forwards since you step
things as you pull back with an elbow
you step with that respective firm okay
so if you pull back with your left elbow
you step with your left foot to the left
so you pull back with your right elbow
you step with the right foot to your
right
okay pivoting as you go so you can keep
on doing that for as long as possible
okay so after this I didn't want to do
next you just go into an arm jive we can
do something while you're thinking and
as soon as you've thought of something
to do you can carry on and onwards to
your next move
we shall now walk through the first two
moves of this week's lesson so we're
starting left to right for your almost
pretzel hip spin through semicircle to
the left step back and offer raise the
left on to the hip pull the cross step
back and offer for your arm jive pull
with the left back with the right up to
the shoulder turn your ladies and face
return on the end and back next we shall
run through the first two moves and
lessen up to speak so we're starting
left to right for your almost pretzel
hip spin five six seven eight step back
and offer raise the left on to the hip
pull across offer for the arm jive left
right up to the shoulder turn your
ladies and face return and offer the
basket dick starts man's left to lady's
right men all your semi circle to the
left means you both step back guys
obvious bare hand ladies take hold keep
your right hand down the waist level
fellas take your left hand over the top
of the right and step in raising that
left hand to turn your ladies to her
left in to your right hand side Gosei
standing side by side both facing the
same direction
okay guys you then lower your left hand
ladies your feet stay on the spot thank
guys as you take a step backwards I
dealing with your right foot keep hold
with both hands just dip your ladies
backwards so ladies both feet stay in
contact with the floor just bend one
knee and slide the other foot forward
now from there guys you're gonna stand
up raise your left hand unwrap your
ladies around to face you and step back
okay that it's all one movement there's
no stop halfway up and I'm gonna finish
off with a return so as you step in you
let go with your right hand pairs raise
your left hand
return your ladies anti-clockwise and
step back left to right
the basket dipped to account who look
like this he goes five six seven eight
step back and off of rapid in and down
up and base return back
which in our walk through all three
moves from the beginning so we're
starting left to right for your almost
pretzel hip spin draw the semicircle to
the left step back and signal raise the
left on to the hip pull the cross step
back offering for your arm jive
over the left back with the right up to
the shoulder turn the ladies and face
return on the end step back off in the
hand for the basket wrap into the side
down up and face return on the end and
step back signaling to go back to the
beginning finally we shall run through
all three moves to account so we're
starting left to right for you almost
pretzel hip spin after eight five six
seven eight step back and offer raise
the left on to the hip pull across offer
for the arms eyes left right up to the
shoulder turn clockwise and face return
anti-clockwise for the basket wrapped
dig up a base return step back signaling
to go back to the beginning with your
hip spin